The Bathing Water Directive database

Prerequisites:
--------------

 Tested on Mysql Server version: 5.0.27 and 5.0.51
 Tested on PHP Version: 5.1.6, 5.2.0 and 5.2.6

 The PHP flag display_errors must be turned off or error_reporting must be set
 to a value that excludes E_NOTICE.
 
Installation:
-------------

To install, first import the bwd.sql into MySQL. Then copy config-example.php to
website/config.php and change the values.

The bwd_regions table was created in an attempt to make BWD work under moderate
load. Because eventhough there are only a tiny number of rows in bwd_stations,
the design of the table is very very inefficient. It is not even 2nd normal form.

NOTE: Whenever bwd_stations is repopulated with data, then you need to run the
rebuild-tables script.

The purpose of the rebuild-observations script is to make it possible to use the
data in other tools. For instance DaViz. It is not used by the PHP application.

Data updates:
-------------
Every year in May we get an update of the data and application.  Don't take too
close a look at the table structure. You'll go blind. It is mind-blowingly bad.
Everything is varchar(255). The application has to be updated to match the new
data columns.

To at least get the data into the database, here is what you have to do to the dump file:

1. Put at the start of the file if it isn't there already:

   SET NAMES utf8;

2. Changes to CREATE TABLE statements
  Change the cc column of bwd_stations to varchar(2),
  Change the numind  of bwd_stations to varchar(200)
  Change the ISO2 of countrycodes_iso to varchar(2)

  These have to be changed in the SQL dump or it won't load. (There are restrictions
  in MySQL on how large columns can be in indexes).

3. mysql -u root -p bwd < sqldump

4. Run rebuild-tables.

License:
--------

The contents of this package (except jpgraph) are subject to the Mozilla
Public License Version 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file
except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/

Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"
basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under
the License.

The Original Code is "BWD"

The Initial Owner of the Original Code is Institute for Water of the
Republic of Slovenia.  Portions created by Eau de Web, Romania are
Copyright (C) 2008 by European Environment Agency.  All Rights Reserved.

For the license of jpgraph inquire within.
